# Basic JavaScript

Implement the following functionality:

1. Define a function `isPrime(n)` that checks if the parameter `n` is a prime number and returns `true`/`false`. For example, if `n` is 2, the function returns `true` and if `n` is 4, the function returns `false`.
1. Define a function `getNPrimes(n)` that returns a list of the first `n` prime numbers. For example, if `n` is 3, the function returns [2, 3, 5].
1. Define a function `printNPrimes(n)` that prints a list of the first `n` prime numbers (as generated by the function `getNPrimes`) in a table format.
1. Pass a name as a parameter `name` in URL and generate a personalized greeting. If the `name` parameter is missing, use default value **student**.
1. Pass a number as a parameter `n` in URL and print the result of the function `isPrime` on that number. For example, if `n` is 2, the output should be **2 is a prime number**, if `n` is 4, the output should be **4 is not a prime number**. If the `n` parameter is missing, assign it the default value of **330**.
1. Print the list of the first `n` prime numbers generated by the function `getNPrimes`. If the `n` parameter is missing, assign it the default value of **330**.
1. Use **Bootstrap** to style the greeting, the result of `isPrime`, and the table of primes.
1. Use Python built-in HTTP server to run your page.
1. Access your page as follows. Your program must properly handle all cases.

    * <http://localhost:8000/primes.html?name=Roman&n=4>
    * <http://localhost:8000/primes.html?name=Roman>
    * <http://localhost:8000/primes.html?n=4>
    * <http://localhost:8000/primes.html>

1. Submit code to your private repository.
